c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.WebRequest.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\ezFixUpWebApi\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebApi.Tests.pdb
