c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.Contracts.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Model.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\dotless.Core.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\NLipsum.Core.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.Contracts.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Model.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.pdb
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll
c:\users\haim\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.Contracts.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Model.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\dotless.Core.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\NLipsum.Core.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.Contracts.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Model.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\ezFixUp.Data.pdb
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.dll
C:\Users\haim\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\ezFixUpWebAPI\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests\obj\Debug\ezFixUpWebAPI.Tests.pdb
